Add "Populate Help Text on the Payment Processor Administrator Screen" section (#721)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/extensions/payment-processors/create.md

CRM_Utils_System::redirect( $finalURL );
```
### Populate Help Text on the Payment Processor Administrator Screen

> To populate the blue help icons for the settings fields needed for your payment processor on the  "Settings - Payment Processor" form (`CiviCRM Admin bar -> Adminster -> System Settings -> Payment Processors`) follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To populate the blue help icons for the settings fields needed for your payment processor at **Administer -> System Settings -> Payment Processors** follow the steps below:
```

Style guide fixes.

> 1. Add a template file to your extension with a `{htxt id='$ppTypeName-live-$fieldname'}` section for each settings field you are using for example, help text for the user-name filed for a payment processor with the name 'AuthNet' would look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a template file to your extension with a `!#twig {htxt id='$ppTypeName-live-$fieldname'}` section for each settings field you are using.

    **Example:**

    The help text for the `user-name` field for a payment processor with the name 'AuthNet' would be implemented with code like this:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```twig
```

> {htxt id='AuthNet-live-user-name'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {htxt id='AuthNet-live-user-name'}
```

> {ts}Generate your API Login and Transaction Key by logging in to your Merchant Account and navigating to <strong>Settings &raquo; General Security Settings</strong>.{/ts}</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {ts}Generate your API Login and Transaction Key by logging in to your Merchant Account and navigating to <strong>Settings &raquo; General Security Settings</strong>.{/ts}</p>
```

> {/htxt}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {/htxt}
```

```

> see [core /templates/CRM/Admin/Page/PaymentProcessor.hlp](https://github.com/civicrm/civicrm-core/blob/master/templates/CRM/Admin/Page/PaymentProcessor.hlp) for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    see [core /templates/CRM/Admin/Page/PaymentProcessor.hlp](https://github.com/civicrm/civicrm-core/blob/master/templates/CRM/Admin/Page/PaymentProcessor.hlp) for further examples.
```

> 2. Add that template to the `CRM_Admin_Form_PaymentProcessor` form using a buildForm hook like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add that template to the `CRM_Admin_Form_PaymentProcessor` form using a buildForm hook like so:
```

> ```php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```php
```

>  if ($formName == 'CRM_Admin_Form_PaymentProcessor') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if ($formName == 'CRM_Admin_Form_PaymentProcessor') {
```

>     $templatePath = realpath(dirname(__FILE__) . "/templates");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $templatePath = realpath(dirname(__FILE__) . "/templates");
```

>     CRM_Core_Region::instance('form-buttons')->add(array(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        CRM_Core_Region::instance('form-buttons')->add(array(
```

>       'template' => "{$templatePath}/{TEMPLATE FILE NAME}.tpl",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          'template' => "{$templatePath}/{TEMPLATE FILE NAME}.tpl",
```

>     ));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ));
```

>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      }
```

>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     ```
```
